Add docs around use of SAML in clusters and Failover (#5784)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer/Administrator_guide/Security/Advanced_security_configuration/Configuring_SAML/SAML_Example_Config_DMS.md

Reviewer: I'm a little bit concerned that this example might not be clear enough yet. Someone might think that what is on this page is all they need to get this setup running, and then they could get in trouble. Perhaps you could adjust it so that the headers on this page mirror those of the general procedure, but everything that is vague and generic there gets filled in with a clear example here? If something is not worth repeating (e.g. the detailed instructions for "Setting up a Microsoft Entra ID Enterprise application), we can include a cross-reference to the general procedure and mention that those are the steps to follow, possibly clarifying what exactly needs to be filled in a specific step. (Try not to refer to the steps by number though, as that's very risky in case of updates).

*FOShared* is used as the shared Failover hostname. However, if you have a Failover setup based on virtual IP, you should use the virtual IP instead.

## DataMiner.xml

For all Agents in the cluster, the *DataMiner.xml* file should have the same configuration:

```xml
<DataMiner ...>
  ...
  <ExternalAuthentication
    type="SAML"
    ipMetadata="[Path/URL of the identity provider’s metadata file]"
    spMetadata="[Path/URL of DataMiner's metadata file]"
    timeout="300">
    <AutomaticUserCreation enabled="true">
      <EmailClaim>http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/emailaddress</EmailClaim>
      <Givenname>http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/givenname</Givenname>
      <Surname>http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/surname</Surname>
      <Groups claims="true">http://schemas.microsoft.com/ws/2008/06/identity/claims/groups</Groups>
    </AutomaticUserCreation>
  </ExternalAuthentication>
  ...
</DataMiner>
```

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Do not mix Groups claims true and false in the cluster as this will lead to problems with >  user access. This config needs to be the exact same across the cluster for SAML agents.

Reviewer: This isn't entirely clear to me. Would it still be correct if I rephrase it like this? Also, if this is important, it will need to be mentioned in the general procedure as well.
```suggestion
> This configuration must be exactly the same for all Agents in a cluster. Mixing different types of configuration across Agents (e.g. `Groups claims="true"` for one Agent and `Groups claims="false"` for another) will cause problems with user access.
```

Author: this is what I was going for indeed, that's the reason I used the full XML provisioning tag too to make this point clear. and since this isn't automatically synced but a manual action on each agents, mistakes could happen
